!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	2	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
add_options	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/validate-tests/pitivivalidate.py	/^    def add_options(self, parser):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:PitiviTestsManager
BroadwayDaemon	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/validate-tests/pitivivalidate.py	/^class BroadwayDaemon(vfb_server.VirtualFrameBufferServer):$/;"	c	language:Python
build_arguments	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/validate-tests/pitivivalidate.py	/^    def build_arguments(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:PitiviTest
check	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/validate-tests/pitivivalidate.py	/^    def check(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:BroadwayDaemon
GstValidateTest	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/validate-tests/pitivivalidate.py	/^from baseclasses import GstValidateTest, TestsManager, ScenarioManager$/;"	i	language:Python
GST_VALIDATE_LAUNCHER_COMMAND	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/validate-tests/runtests	/^GST_VALIDATE_LAUNCHER_COMMAND = "gst-validate-launcher"$/;"	v	language:Python
init	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/validate-tests/pitivivalidate.py	/^    def init(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:PitiviTestsManager
list_tests	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/validate-tests/pitivivalidate.py	/^    def list_tests(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:PitiviTestsManager
name	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/validate-tests/pitivivalidate.py	/^    name = "pitivi"$/;"	v	language:Python	class:PitiviTestsManager
os	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/validate-tests/pitivivalidate.py	/^import os$/;"	i	language:Python
os	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/validate-tests/runtests	/^import os$/;"	i	language:Python
PitiviTest	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/validate-tests/pitivivalidate.py	/^class PitiviTest(GstValidateTest):$/;"	c	language:Python
PitiviTestsManager	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/validate-tests/pitivivalidate.py	/^class PitiviTestsManager(TestsManager):$/;"	c	language:Python
PITIVI_COMMAND	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/validate-tests/pitivivalidate.py	/^PITIVI_COMMAND = "pitivi"$/;"	v	language:Python
Pitivi_DURATION_TOLERANCE	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/validate-tests/pitivivalidate.py	/^Pitivi_DURATION_TOLERANCE = utils.GST_SECOND \/ 2$/;"	v	language:Python
quote_uri	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/validate-tests/pitivivalidate.py	/^def quote_uri(uri):$/;"	f	language:Python
register_defaults	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/validate-tests/pitivivalidate.py	/^    def register_defaults(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:PitiviTestsManager
ScenarioManager	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/validate-tests/pitivivalidate.py	/^from baseclasses import GstValidateTest, TestsManager, ScenarioManager$/;"	i	language:Python
set_sample_paths	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/validate-tests/pitivivalidate.py	/^    def set_sample_paths(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:PitiviTest
set_settings	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/validate-tests/pitivivalidate.py	/^    def set_settings(self, options, args, reporter):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:PitiviTestsManager
start	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/validate-tests/pitivivalidate.py	/^    def start(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:BroadwayDaemon
stop	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/validate-tests/pitivivalidate.py	/^    def stop(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:BroadwayDaemon
subprocess	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/validate-tests/pitivivalidate.py	/^import subprocess$/;"	i	language:Python
sys	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/validate-tests/pitivivalidate.py	/^import sys$/;"	i	language:Python
sys	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/validate-tests/runtests	/^import sys$/;"	i	language:Python
TestsManager	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/validate-tests/pitivivalidate.py	/^from baseclasses import GstValidateTest, TestsManager, ScenarioManager$/;"	i	language:Python
time	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/validate-tests/pitivivalidate.py	/^import time$/;"	i	language:Python
unquote	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/validate-tests/pitivivalidate.py	/^from urllib import unquote$/;"	i	language:Python
urllib2	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/validate-tests/pitivivalidate.py	/^import urllib2$/;"	i	language:Python
urlparse	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/validate-tests/pitivivalidate.py	/^import urlparse$/;"	i	language:Python
utils	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/validate-tests/pitivivalidate.py	/^import utils$/;"	i	language:Python
vfb_server	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/validate-tests/pitivivalidate.py	/^import vfb_server$/;"	i	language:Python
_check_is_up	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/validate-tests/pitivivalidate.py	/^    def _check_is_up(self, timeout=60):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:BroadwayDaemon
_scenarios	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/validate-tests/pitivivalidate.py	/^    _scenarios = ScenarioManager()$/;"	v	language:Python	class:PitiviTestsManager
__init__	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/validate-tests/pitivivalidate.py	/^    def __init__(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:PitiviTestsManager
__init__	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/validate-tests/pitivivalidate.py	/^    def __init__(self, classname, options, reporter, scenario,$/;"	m	language:Python	class:PitiviTest
__init__	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/validate-tests/pitivivalidate.py	/^    def __init__(self, options):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:BroadwayDaemon
