!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	2	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
ClipAdded	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_undo_timeline.py	/^    ClipPropertyChanged, TrackElementAdded$/;"	i	language:Python
ClipPropertyChanged	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_undo_timeline.py	/^    ClipPropertyChanged, TrackElementAdded$/;"	i	language:Python
ClipRemoved	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_undo_timeline.py	/^    ClipPropertyChanged, TrackElementAdded$/;"	i	language:Python
commitCb	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_undo_timeline.py	/^    def commitCb(action_log, stack, nested, stacks):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TestTimelineUndo
common	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_undo_timeline.py	/^from tests import common$/;"	i	language:Python
connectToObj	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/common.py	/^    def connectToObj(self, obj):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:SignalMonitor
createTestClip	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/common.py	/^def createTestClip(clip_type):$/;"	f	language:Python
createTestClip	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_utils_timeline.py	/^from common import createTestClip$/;"	i	language:Python
detect_leaks	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/common.py	/^detect_leaks = os.environ.get("PITIVI_TEST_DETECT_LEAKS", "1") not in ("0", "")$/;"	v	language:Python
disconnectFromObj	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/common.py	/^    def disconnectFromObj(self, obj):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:SignalMonitor
gc	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/common.py	/^import gc$/;"	i	language:Python
gccollect	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/common.py	/^    def gccollect(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TestCase
gctrack	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/common.py	/^    def gctrack(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TestCase
gcverify	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/common.py	/^    def gcverify(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TestCase
GES	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_undo_timeline.py	/^from gi.repository import GES$/;"	i	language:Python
GES	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_utils_timeline.py	/^from gi.repository import GES$/;"	i	language:Python
getSampleUri	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/common.py	/^    def getSampleUri(sample):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TestCase
getSystem	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_system.py	/^    INHIBIT_USER_SWITCHING$/;"	i	language:Python
getTimelineClips	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_undo_timeline.py	/^    def getTimelineClips(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TestTimelineUndo
GnomeSystem	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_system.py	/^    INHIBIT_USER_SWITCHING$/;"	i	language:Python
Gst	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/common.py	/^from gi.repository import Gst$/;"	i	language:Python
Gst	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_undo_timeline.py	/^from gi.repository import Gst$/;"	i	language:Python
INHIBIT_LOGOUT	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_system.py	/^    INHIBIT_USER_SWITCHING$/;"	i	language:Python
INHIBIT_SESSION_IDLE	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_system.py	/^    INHIBIT_USER_SWITCHING$/;"	i	language:Python
INHIBIT_SUSPEND	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_system.py	/^    INHIBIT_USER_SWITCHING$/;"	i	language:Python
INHIBIT_USER_SWITCHING	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_system.py	/^    INHIBIT_USER_SWITCHING$/;"	i	language:Python
mock	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_utils_timeline.py	/^import mock$/;"	i	language:Python
os	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/common.py	/^import os$/;"	i	language:Python
Pitivi	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_undo_timeline.py	/^from pitivi.application import Pitivi$/;"	i	language:Python
run	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/common.py	/^    def run(self, result=None):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TestCase
SELECT	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_utils_timeline.py	/^    UNSELECT$/;"	i	language:Python
Selected	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/common.py	/^from pitivi.utils.timeline import Selected$/;"	i	language:Python
Selected	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_utils_timeline.py	/^    UNSELECT$/;"	i	language:Python
Selection	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_utils_timeline.py	/^    UNSELECT$/;"	i	language:Python
SELECT_ADD	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_utils_timeline.py	/^    UNSELECT$/;"	i	language:Python
setUp	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/common.py	/^    def setUp(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TestCase
setUp	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_system.py	/^    def setUp(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TestGnomeSystem
setUp	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_system.py	/^    def setUp(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TestSystem
setUp	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_undo_timeline.py	/^    def setUp(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TestTimelineLogObserver
setUp	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_undo_timeline.py	/^    def setUp(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TestTimelineUndo
SignalMonitor	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/common.py	/^class SignalMonitor(object):$/;"	c	language:Python
System	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_system.py	/^    INHIBIT_USER_SWITCHING$/;"	i	language:Python
tearDown	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/common.py	/^    def tearDown(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TestCase
testAddClip	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_undo_timeline.py	/^    def testAddClip(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TestTimelineUndo
testAddEffectToClip	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_undo_timeline.py	/^    def testAddEffectToClip(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TestTimelineUndo
testBoolEvaluation	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_utils_timeline.py	/^    def testBoolEvaluation(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TestSelected
testBoolEvaluation	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_utils_timeline.py	/^    def testBoolEvaluation(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TestSelection
TestCase	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/common.py	/^class TestCase(unittest.TestCase):$/;"	c	language:Python
TestCase	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_system.py	/^from unittest import TestCase$/;"	i	language:Python
TestCase	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_undo_timeline.py	/^from unittest import TestCase$/;"	i	language:Python
TestCase	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_utils_timeline.py	/^from unittest import TestCase$/;"	i	language:Python
testChangeEffectProperty	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_undo_timeline.py	/^    def testChangeEffectProperty(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TestTimelineUndo
testClipPropertyChange	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_undo_timeline.py	/^    def testClipPropertyChange(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TestTimelineUndo
testConnectionAndDisconnection	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_undo_timeline.py	/^    def testConnectionAndDisconnection(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TestTimelineLogObserver
testGetSingleClip	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_utils_timeline.py	/^    def testGetSingleClip(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TestSelection
testGetUniqueFilename	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_system.py	/^    def testGetUniqueFilename(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TestSystem
TestGnomeSystem	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_system.py	/^class TestGnomeSystem(TestCase):$/;"	c	language:Python
testPowerInhibition	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_system.py	/^    def testPowerInhibition(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TestGnomeSystem
testRemoveClip	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_undo_timeline.py	/^    def testRemoveClip(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TestTimelineUndo
testRemoveEffectFromClip	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_undo_timeline.py	/^    def testRemoveEffectFromClip(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TestTimelineUndo
testScreensaverInhibit	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_system.py	/^    def testScreensaverInhibit(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TestSystem
TestSelected	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_utils_timeline.py	/^class TestSelected(TestCase):$/;"	c	language:Python
TestSelection	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_utils_timeline.py	/^class TestSelection(TestCase):$/;"	c	language:Python
testSleepInhibit	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_system.py	/^    def testSleepInhibit(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TestSystem
TestSystem	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_system.py	/^class TestSystem(TestCase):$/;"	c	language:Python
TestTimelineLogObserver	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_undo_timeline.py	/^class TestTimelineLogObserver(TestCase):$/;"	c	language:Python
TestTimelineUndo	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_undo_timeline.py	/^class TestTimelineUndo(TestCase):$/;"	c	language:Python
testUngroup	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_undo_timeline.py	/^    def testUngroup(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TestTimelineUndo
TimelineLogObserver	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_undo_timeline.py	/^    ClipPropertyChanged, TrackElementAdded$/;"	i	language:Python
TimelineLogObserverSpy	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_undo_timeline.py	/^class TimelineLogObserverSpy(TimelineLogObserver):$/;"	c	language:Python
TrackElementAdded	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_undo_timeline.py	/^    ClipPropertyChanged, TrackElementAdded$/;"	i	language:Python
UndoableActionLog	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_undo_timeline.py	/^from pitivi.undo.undo import UndoableActionLog$/;"	i	language:Python
unittest	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/common.py	/^import unittest$/;"	i	language:Python
UNSELECT	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_utils_timeline.py	/^    UNSELECT$/;"	i	language:Python
_connectToClip	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_undo_timeline.py	/^    def _connectToClip(self, clip):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TimelineLogObserverSpy
_connectToTimeline	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_undo_timeline.py	/^    def _connectToTimeline(self, timeline):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TimelineLogObserverSpy
_connectToTrackElement	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_undo_timeline.py	/^    def _connectToTrackElement(self, track_element):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TimelineLogObserverSpy
_disconnectFromClip	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_undo_timeline.py	/^    def _disconnectFromClip(self, clip):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TimelineLogObserverSpy
_disconnectFromTimeline	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_undo_timeline.py	/^    def _disconnectFromTimeline(self, timeline):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TimelineLogObserverSpy
_disconnectFromTrackElement	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/test_undo_timeline.py	/^    def _disconnectFromTrackElement(self, track_element):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TimelineLogObserverSpy
_getSignalCollectName	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/common.py	/^    def _getSignalCollectName(self, signal):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:SignalMonitor
_getSignalCounterName	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/common.py	/^    def _getSignalCounterName(self, signal):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:SignalMonitor
_signalCb	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/common.py	/^    def _signalCb(self, obj, *args):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:SignalMonitor
_tracked_types	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/common.py	/^    _tracked_types = (Gst.MiniObject, Gst.Element, Gst.Pad, Gst.Caps)$/;"	v	language:Python	class:TestCase
__init__	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/tests/common.py	/^    def __init__(self, obj, *signals):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:SignalMonitor
