!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	2	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
ActivePropertyChanged	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^class ActivePropertyChanged(UndoableAction):$/;"	c	language:Python
activePropertyChangedAction	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    activePropertyChangedAction = ActivePropertyChanged$/;"	v	language:Python	class:TimelineLogObserver
addTrackElement	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def addTrackElement(self, track_element):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TrackElementChildPropertyTracker
asScenarioAction	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def asScenarioAction(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:ClipAdded
asScenarioAction	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def asScenarioAction(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:ClipRemoved
asScenarioAction	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def asScenarioAction(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:ControlSourceValueAdded
asScenarioAction	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def asScenarioAction(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:ControlSourceValueRemoved
asScenarioAction	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def asScenarioAction(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:LayerAdded
asScenarioAction	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def asScenarioAction(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:LayerRemoved
asScenarioAction	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def asScenarioAction(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TrackElementAdded
asScenarioAction	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def asScenarioAction(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TrackElementPropertyChanged
asScenarioAction	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def asScenarioAction(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TrackElementRemoved
asScenarioAction	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/undo.py	/^    def asScenarioAction(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:UndoableAction
begin	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/undo.py	/^    def begin(self, action_group_name):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:UndoableActionLog
checkpoint	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/undo.py	/^    def checkpoint(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:UndoableActionLog
clean	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/undo.py	/^    def clean(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:UndoableAction
clean	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/undo.py	/^    def clean(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:UndoableActionLog
clean	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/undo.py	/^    def clean(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:UndoableActionStack
ClipAdded	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^class ClipAdded(UndoableAction):$/;"	c	language:Python
ClipPropertyChanged	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^class ClipPropertyChanged(UndoableAction):$/;"	c	language:Python
ClipPropertyChangeTracker	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^class ClipPropertyChangeTracker(PropertyChangeTracker):$/;"	c	language:Python
ClipRemoved	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^class ClipRemoved(UndoableAction):$/;"	c	language:Python
commit	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/undo.py	/^    def commit(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:UndoableActionLog
connectToObject	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def connectToObject(self, control_source):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:KeyframeChangeTracker
connectToObject	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def connectToObject(self, obj):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:ClipPropertyChangeTracker
connectToObject	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/undo.py	/^    def connectToObject(self, obj):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:PropertyChangeTracker
ControlSourceKeyframeChanged	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^class ControlSourceKeyframeChanged(UndoableAction):$/;"	c	language:Python
ControlSourceValueAdded	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^class ControlSourceValueAdded(UndoableAction):$/;"	c	language:Python
ControlSourceValueRemoved	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^class ControlSourceValueRemoved(UndoableAction):$/;"	c	language:Python
dirty	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/undo.py	/^    def dirty(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:UndoableActionLog
disconnectFromObject	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def disconnectFromObject(self, control_source):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:KeyframeChangeTracker
disconnectFromObject	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def disconnectFromObject(self, obj):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:ClipPropertyChangeTracker
disconnectFromObject	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/undo.py	/^    def disconnectFromObject(self, obj):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:PropertyChangeTracker
do	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def do(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:ActivePropertyChanged
do	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def do(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:ClipAdded
do	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def do(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:ClipPropertyChanged
do	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def do(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:ClipRemoved
do	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def do(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:ControlSourceKeyframeChanged
do	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def do(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:ControlSourceValueAdded
do	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def do(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:ControlSourceValueRemoved
do	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def do(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:LayerAdded
do	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def do(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:LayerRemoved
do	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def do(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TrackElementAdded
do	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def do(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TrackElementPropertyChanged
do	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def do(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TrackElementRemoved
do	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/undo.py	/^    def do(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:UndoableAction
do	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/undo.py	/^    def do(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:UndoableActionStack
GES	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^from gi.repository import GES$/;"	i	language:Python
getPipeline	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def getPipeline(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TimelineLogObserver
getPropChangedFromTrackElement	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def getPropChangedFromTrackElement(self, track_element):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TrackElementChildPropertyTracker
GObject	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^from gi.repository import GObject$/;"	i	language:Python
GObject	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/undo.py	/^from gi.repository import GObject$/;"	i	language:Python
Gst	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^from gi.repository import Gst$/;"	i	language:Python
KeyframeChangeTracker	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^class KeyframeChangeTracker(GObject.Object):$/;"	c	language:Python
LayerAdded	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^class LayerAdded(UndoableAction):$/;"	c	language:Python
LayerRemoved	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^class LayerRemoved(UndoableAction):$/;"	c	language:Python
Loggable	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^from pitivi.utils.loggable import Loggable$/;"	i	language:Python
Loggable	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/undo.py	/^from pitivi.utils.loggable import Loggable$/;"	i	language:Python
pipeline	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    pipeline = property(getPipeline, setPipeline)$/;"	v	language:Python	class:TimelineLogObserver
PropertyChangeTracker	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^from pitivi.undo.undo import PropertyChangeTracker, UndoableAction$/;"	i	language:Python
PropertyChangeTracker	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/undo.py	/^class PropertyChangeTracker(GObject.Object):$/;"	c	language:Python
property_names	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    property_names = ["start", "duration", "in-point", "priority"]$/;"	v	language:Python	class:ClipPropertyChangeTracker
property_names	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/undo.py	/^    property_names = []$/;"	v	language:Python	class:PropertyChangeTracker
PROPS_TO_IGNORE	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^from pitivi.effects import PROPS_TO_IGNORE$/;"	i	language:Python
push	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/undo.py	/^    def push(self, action):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:UndoableActionLog
push	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/undo.py	/^    def push(self, action):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:UndoableActionStack
redo	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/undo.py	/^    def redo(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:UndoableActionLog
rollback	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/undo.py	/^    def rollback(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:UndoableActionLog
setPipeline	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def setPipeline(self, pipeline):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TimelineLogObserver
startObserving	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def startObserving(self, timeline):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TimelineLogObserver
stopObserving	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def stopObserving(self, timeline):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TimelineLogObserver
TimelineLogObserver	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^class TimelineLogObserver(Loggable):$/;"	c	language:Python
timelinePropertyChangedAction	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    timelinePropertyChangedAction = ClipPropertyChanged$/;"	v	language:Python	class:TimelineLogObserver
TrackElementAdded	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^class TrackElementAdded(UndoableAction):$/;"	c	language:Python
TrackElementChildPropertyTracker	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^class TrackElementChildPropertyTracker:$/;"	c	language:Python
TrackElementPropertyChanged	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^class TrackElementPropertyChanged(UndoableAction):$/;"	c	language:Python
TrackElementRemoved	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^class TrackElementRemoved(UndoableAction):$/;"	c	language:Python
undo	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def undo(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:ActivePropertyChanged
undo	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def undo(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:ClipAdded
undo	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def undo(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:ClipPropertyChanged
undo	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def undo(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:ClipRemoved
undo	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def undo(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:ControlSourceKeyframeChanged
undo	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def undo(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:ControlSourceValueAdded
undo	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def undo(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:ControlSourceValueRemoved
undo	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def undo(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:LayerAdded
undo	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def undo(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:LayerRemoved
undo	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def undo(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TrackElementAdded
undo	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def undo(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TrackElementPropertyChanged
undo	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def undo(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TrackElementRemoved
undo	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/undo.py	/^    def undo(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:UndoableAction
undo	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/undo.py	/^    def undo(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:UndoableActionLog
undo	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/undo.py	/^    def undo(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:UndoableActionStack
UndoableAction	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^from pitivi.undo.undo import PropertyChangeTracker, UndoableAction$/;"	i	language:Python
UndoableAction	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/undo.py	/^class UndoableAction(GObject.Object, Loggable):$/;"	c	language:Python
UndoableActionLog	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/undo.py	/^class UndoableActionLog(GObject.Object, Loggable):$/;"	c	language:Python
UndoableActionStack	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/undo.py	/^class UndoableActionStack(UndoableAction):$/;"	c	language:Python
UndoError	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/undo.py	/^class UndoError(Exception):$/;"	c	language:Python
UndoWrongStateError	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/undo.py	/^class UndoWrongStateError(UndoError):$/;"	c	language:Python
weakref	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/undo.py	/^import weakref$/;"	i	language:Python
_clipAddedCb	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def _clipAddedCb(self, layer, clip):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TimelineLogObserver
_clipPropertyChangedCb	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def _clipPropertyChangedCb(self, tracker, clip,$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TimelineLogObserver
_clipRemovedCb	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def _clipRemovedCb(self, layer, clip):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TimelineLogObserver
_clipTrackElementAddedCb	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def _clipTrackElementAddedCb(self, clip, track_element):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TimelineLogObserver
_clipTrackElementRemovedCb	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def _clipTrackElementRemovedCb(self, clip, track_element):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TimelineLogObserver
_connectToClip	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def _connectToClip(self, clip):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TimelineLogObserver
_connectToControlSource	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def _connectToControlSource(self, track_element, binding, existed=False):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TimelineLogObserver
_connectToTimeline	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def _connectToTimeline(self, timeline):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TimelineLogObserver
_connectToTrackElement	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def _connectToTrackElement(self, track_element):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TimelineLogObserver
_controlBindingAddedCb	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def _controlBindingAddedCb(self, track_element, binding):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TimelineLogObserver
_controlSourceKeyFrameAddedCb	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def _controlSourceKeyFrameAddedCb(self, source, keyframe, track_element,$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TimelineLogObserver
_controlSourceKeyFrameMovedCb	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def _controlSourceKeyFrameMovedCb(self, tracker, track_element,$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TimelineLogObserver
_controlSourceKeyFrameRemovedCb	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def _controlSourceKeyFrameRemovedCb(self, source, keyframe, track_element,$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TimelineLogObserver
_disconnectFromClip	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def _disconnectFromClip(self, clip):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TimelineLogObserver
_disconnectFromControlSource	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def _disconnectFromControlSource(self, binding):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TimelineLogObserver
_disconnectFromTimeline	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def _disconnectFromTimeline(self, timeline):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TimelineLogObserver
_disconnectFromTrackElement	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def _disconnectFromTrackElement(self, track_element):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TimelineLogObserver
_discoverChildProperties	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def _discoverChildProperties(self, track_element):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TrackElementChildPropertyTracker
_done	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/undo.py	/^    def _done(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:UndoableAction
_getKeyframeSnapshot	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def _getKeyframeSnapshot(self, keyframe):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:KeyframeChangeTracker
_getTopmostStack	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/undo.py	/^    def _getTopmostStack(self, pop=False):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:UndoableActionLog
_keyframeAddedCb	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def _keyframeAddedCb(self, control_source, keyframe):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:KeyframeChangeTracker
_keyframeMovedCb	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def _keyframeMovedCb(self, control_source, keyframe, old_value=None):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:KeyframeChangeTracker
_keyframeRemovedCb	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def _keyframeRemovedCb(self, control_source, keyframe, old_value=None):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:KeyframeChangeTracker
_layerAddedCb	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def _layerAddedCb(self, timeline, layer):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TimelineLogObserver
_layerRemovedCb	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def _layerRemovedCb(self, timeline, layer):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TimelineLogObserver
_propertyChangedCb	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def _propertyChangedCb(self, track_element, unused_gstelement, pspec):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TrackElementChildPropertyTracker
_propertyChangedCb	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/undo.py	/^    def _propertyChangedCb(self, object, property_value, property_name):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:PropertyChangeTracker
_runAction	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/undo.py	/^    def _runAction(self, action_list, method_name):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:UndoableActionStack
_runStack	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/undo.py	/^    def _runStack(self, unused_stack, run):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:UndoableActionLog
_setSnapshot	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def _setSnapshot(self, snapshot):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:ControlSourceKeyframeChanged
_stackIsNested	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/undo.py	/^    def _stackIsNested(self, unused_stack):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:UndoableActionLog
_takeCurrentSnapshot	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def _takeCurrentSnapshot(self, control_source):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:KeyframeChangeTracker
_takeCurrentSnapshot	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/undo.py	/^    def _takeCurrentSnapshot(cls, obj):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:PropertyChangeTracker
_takeSnapshot	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/undo.py	/^    def _takeSnapshot(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:UndoableActionLog
_timelineCommitedCb	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def _timelineCommitedCb(self, timeline):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:ClipPropertyChangeTracker
_trackElementActiveChangedCb	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def _trackElementActiveChangedCb(self, track_element, active, add_effect_action):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TimelineLogObserver
_trackElementTrackSetCb	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def _trackElementTrackSetCb(self, track_element, unused):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TrackElementChildPropertyTracker
_undone	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/undo.py	/^    def _undone(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:UndoableAction
__gsignals__	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    __gsignals__ = {$/;"	v	language:Python	class:KeyframeChangeTracker
__gsignals__	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/undo.py	/^    __gsignals__ = {$/;"	v	language:Python	class:PropertyChangeTracker
__gsignals__	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/undo.py	/^    __gsignals__ = {$/;"	v	language:Python	class:UndoableAction
__gsignals__	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/undo.py	/^    __gsignals__ = {$/;"	v	language:Python	class:UndoableActionLog
__gsignals__	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/undo.py	/^    __gsignals__ = {$/;"	v	language:Python	class:UndoableActionStack
__init__	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def __init__(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:ClipPropertyChangeTracker
__init__	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def __init__(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:KeyframeChangeTracker
__init__	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def __init__(self, action_log):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TrackElementChildPropertyTracker
__init__	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def __init__(self, clip, property_name, old_value, new_value):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:ClipPropertyChanged
__init__	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def __init__(self, clip, track_element, properties_watcher):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TrackElementAdded
__init__	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def __init__(self, clip, track_element, properties_watcher):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TrackElementRemoved
__init__	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def __init__(self, effect_action, active):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:ActivePropertyChanged
__init__	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def __init__(self, layer, clip):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:ClipAdded
__init__	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def __init__(self, layer, clip):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:ClipRemoved
__init__	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def __init__(self, log):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TimelineLogObserver
__init__	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def __init__(self, timeline, layer):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:LayerAdded
__init__	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def __init__(self, timeline, layer):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:LayerRemoved
__init__	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def __init__(self, track_element, keyframe, old_snapshot, new_snapshot):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:ControlSourceKeyframeChanged
__init__	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def __init__(self, track_element, property_name, old_value, new_value):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:TrackElementPropertyChanged
__init__	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def __init__(self, track_element,$/;"	m	language:Python	class:ControlSourceValueAdded
__init__	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/timeline.py	/^    def __init__(self, track_element,$/;"	m	language:Python	class:ControlSourceValueRemoved
__init__	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/undo.py	/^    def __init__(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:PropertyChangeTracker
__init__	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/undo.py	/^    def __init__(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:UndoableAction
__init__	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/undo.py	/^    def __init__(self, action_group_name):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:UndoableActionStack
__init__	/home/thiblahute/devel/pitivi/1.0-uninstalled/pitivi/pitivi/undo/undo.py	/^    def __init__(self, app=None):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:UndoableActionLog
